{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1.1 Implement an algorithm to determine if a string has all unique characters. What\
if you cannot use additional data structures?\
p\
1.2 Implement a function void reverse(char* str) in C or C++ which reverses a nullterminated\
string.\
pg 17 3\
1.3 Given two strings, write a method to decide if one is a permutation of the other.\
pg 174\
1.4 Write a method to replace all spaces in a string with'%20'. You may assume that\
the string has sufficient space at the end of the string to hold the additional\
characters, and that you are given the "true" length of the string. (Note: if implementing\
in Java, please use a character array so that you can perform this operation\
in place.)\
EXAMPLE\
Input: "Mr John Smith\
Output: "Mr%20Dohn%20Smith"\
^ __ pg 1?5\
1.5 Implement a method to perform basic string compression using the counts\
of repeated characters. For example, the string aabcccccaaa would become\
a2blc5a3. If the "compressed" string would not become smaller than the original\
string, your method should return the original string.\
pg176\
1.6 Given an image represented by an NxN matrix, where each pixel in the image is\
4 bytes, write a method to rotate the image by 90 degrees. Can you do this in\
place?\
pg 179\
1.7 Write an algorithm such that if an element in an MxN matrix is 0, its entire row\
and column are set to 0.\
pg 180\
CrackingTheCodinglnterview.com 73\
Chapter 1 | Arrays and Strings\
1.8 Assume you have a method isSubstring which checks if one word is a\
substring of another. Given two strings, si and s2, write code to check if s2 is\
a rotation of si using only one call to isSubstring (e.g.,"waterbottle"is a rotation\
of "erbottlewat").\
pg ' ::\
Additional Questions: Bit Manipulation (#5.7), Object-Oriented Design (#8.10), Recursion\
(#93), Sorting and Searching (#11.6), C++ (#13.10), Moderate (#17.7, #17.8, #17.14)\
\
\
\
\
2.1 Write code to remove duplicates from an unsorted linked list.\
FOLLOW UP\
How would you solve this problem if a temporary buffer is not allowed?\
pg 184\
2.2 Implement an algorithm to find the kth to last element of a singly linked list.\
\'84 pe 1 85\
2.3 Implement an algorithm to delete a node in the middle of a singly linked list,\
given only access to that node.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: the node c from the linked list a->b->c->d->e\
Result: nothing is returned, but the new linked list looks like a- >b- >d->e\
pg 187\
2.4 Write code to partition a linked list around a value x, such that all nodes less than\
x come before all nodes greater than or equal to x.\
pg 188\
2.5 You have two numbers represented by a linked list, where each node contains a\
single digit. The digits are stored in reverse order, such that the Ts digit is at the\
head of the list. Write a function that adds the two numbers and returns the sum\
as a linked list.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: (7-> 1 -> 6) + (5 -> 9 -> 2).That is, 617 + 295.\
Output: 2 -> 1 -> 9.That is, 912.\
FOLLOW UP\
Suppose the digits are stored in forward order. Repeat the above problem.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: (6 -> 1 -> 7) + (2 -> 9 -> 5).That is, 617 + 295.\
Output: 9 -> 1 -> 2.That is, 912.\
pi\
CrackingTheCodinglnterview.com 77\
Chapter 2 | Linked Lists\
2.6 Given a circular linked list, implement an algorithm which returns the node at\
the beginning of the loop.\
DEFINITION\
Circular linked list: A (corrupt) linked list in which a node's next pointer points\
to an earlier node, so as to make a loop in the linked list.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: A ->B->C->D->E- > C [the same C as earlier]\
Output: C\
pg 1 93\
2.7 Implement a function to check if a linked list is a palindrome.\
pg\
\
\
\
3.1 Describe how you could use a single array to implement three stacks.\
pg 202\
3.2 How would you design a stack which, in addition to push and pop, also has a\
function min which returns the minimum element? Push, pop and min should\
all operate in O(1) time.\
pg 206\
3.3 Imagine a (literal) stack of plates. If the stack gets too high, it might topple.\
Therefore, in real life, we would likely start a new stack when the previous stack\
exceeds some threshold. Implement a data structure SetOf Stacks that mimics\
this. SetOf Stacks should be composed of several stacks and should create a\
new stack once the previous one exceeds capacity. SetOf Stacks. push() and\
SetOf Stacks. pop() should behave identically to a single stack (that is, popO\
should return the same values as it would if there were just a single stack).\
FOLLOW UP\
80 Cracking the Coding Interview | Stacks and Queues\
Chapters | Stacks and Queues\
Implement a function popAt(int index) which performs a pop operation on\
a specific sub-stack.\
__ p g 2\
3.4 In the classic problem of the Towers of Hanoi, you have 3 towers and N disks of\
different sizes which can slide onto any tower. The puzzle starts with disks sorted\
in ascending order of size from top to bottom (i.e., each disk sits on top of an\
even larger one). You have the following constraints:\
(1) Only one disk can be moved at a time.\
(2) A disk is slid off the top of one tower onto the next tower.\
(3) A disk can only be placed on top of a larger disk.\
Write a program to move the disks from the first tower to the last using stacks.\
pg 2 1\
3.5 Implement a MyQueue class which implements a queue using two stacks.\
:'! I 2 I\
3.6 Write a program to sort a stack in ascending order (with biggest items on top).\
You may use at most one additional stack to hold items, but you may not copy\
the elements into any other data structure (such as an array). The stack supports\
the following operations: push, pop, peek, and isEmpty.\
pg ! 1S\
3.7 An animal shelter holds only dogs and cats, and operates on a strictly "first in,\
first out" basis. People must adopt either the "oldest" (based on arrival time) of\
all animals at the shelter, or they can select whether they would prefer a dog or\
a cat (and will receive the oldest animal of that type). They cannot select which\
specificanimal they would like. Create the data structures to maintain this system\
and implement operations such as enqueue, dequeueAny, dequeueDog and\
dequeueCat.You may use the built-in LinkedList data structure.\
\
\
4.1 Implement a function to check if a binary tree is balanced. For the purposes of\
this question, a balanced tree is defined to be a tree such that the heights of the\
two subtrees of any node never differ by more than one.\
pg 220\
4.2 Given a directed graph, design an algorithm to find out whether there is a route\
between two nodes.\
pg 221\
4.3 Given a sorted (increasing order) array with unique integer elements, write an\
algorithm to create a binary search tree with minimal height.\
4.4 Given a binary tree, design an algorithm which creates a linked list of all the\
nodes at each depth (e.g., if you have a tree with depth D, you'll have D linked\
lists).\
4.5 Implement a function to check if a binary tree is a binary search tree.\
P 9 2 2 5\
4.6 Write an algorithm to find the'next'node (i.e., in-order successor) of a given node\
in a binary search tree. You may assume that each node has a link to its parent.\
pg 229\
4.7 Design an algorithm and write code to find the first common ancestor of two\
nodes in a binary tree. Avoid storing additional nodes in a data structure. NOTE:\
This is not necessarily a binary search tree.\
pg 230\
4.8 You have two very large binary trees: Tl, with millions of nodes, and T2, with\
hundreds of nodes. Create an algorithm to decide ifT2 is a subtree of Tl.\
A tree T2 is a subtree of Tl if there exists a node n in Tl such that the subtree of\
n is identical to T2. That is, if you cut off the tree at node n, the two trees would\
be identical.\
: :\
4.9 You are given a binary tree in which each node contains a value. Design an algorithm\
to print all paths which sum to a given value. The path does not need to\
start or end at the root or a leaf.\
pg 07\
Additional Questions: Scalability and Memory Limits (#10.2, #10.5), Sorting and Searching\
(#11.8), Moderate (#17.13, #17.14), Hard (#18.6, #18.8, #18.9, #18.10, #18.13)\
\
\
\
5.1 You are given two 32-bit numbers, N and M, and two bit positions, land j. Write\
a method to insert M into N such that M starts at bit j and ends at bit i. You can\
assume that the bits j through i have enough space to fit all of M. That is, if\
M = 10011, you can assume that there are at least 5 bits between j and i. You\
would not, for example, have j = 3 and i = 2, because M could not fully fit\
between bit 3 and bit 2.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: N = 10000000000, M = 10011, i = 2, j = 6\
Output: N = 10001001100\
CrackingTheCodinglnterview.com 91\
Chapters | Bit Manipulation\
5.2 Given a real number between 0 and 1 (e.g., 0.72) that is passed in as a double,\
print the binary representation. If the number cannot be represented accurately\
in binary with at most 32 characters, print "ERROR."\
pg 243\
5.3 Given a positive integer, print the next smallest and the next largest number\
that have the same number of 1 bits in their binary representation.\
pg 2 44\
5.4 Explain what the following code does: ((n & (n-1)) == 0).\
pg 250\
5.5 Write a function to determine the number of bits required to convert integer A\
to integer B.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: 31,14\
Output: 2\
pg 2 5 0\
5.6 Write a program to swap odd and even bits in an integer with as few instructions\
as possible (e.g., bit 0 and bit 1 are swapped, bit 2 and bit 3 are swapped, and\
soon).\
pc i 2 51\
5.7 An array A contains all the integers from 0 to n, except for one number which is\
missing. In this problem, we cannot access an entire integer in A with a single\
operation. The elements of A are represented in binary, and the only operation\
we can use to access them is "fetch the jth bit of A[i]," which takes constant\
time. Write code to find the missing integer. Can you do it in 0(n) time?\
5.8 A monochrome screen is stored as a single array of bytes, allowing eight consecutive\
pixels to be stored in one byte.The screen has width w, where w is divisible\
by 8 (that is, no byte will be split across rows).The height of the screen, of course,\
can be derived from the length of the array and the width. Implement a function\
drawHorizontall_ine(byte[] screen, int width, int xl, int x2,\
int y) which draws a horizontal line from (xl, y)to(x2, y).\
t;-q 2 5 5\
Additional Questions: Arrays and Strings (#1.1 #1.7), Recursion (#9.4, #9.11), Scalability and\
Memory Limits (#103, #10.4), C++ (#13.9). Moderate (#17.1, #17.4), Hard (#18.1)\
\
\
\
6.1 You have 20 bottles of pills. 19 bottles have 1.0 gram pills, but one has pills\
of weight 1.1 grams. Given a scale that provides an exact measurement, how\
would you find the heavy bottle? You can only use the scale once.\
\'84 _ pg 253\
6.2 There is an 8x8 chess board in which two diagonally opposite corners have\
been cut off. You are given 31 dominos, and a single domino can cover exactly\
two squares. Can you use the 31 dominos to cover the entire board? Prove your\
answer (by providing an example or showing why it's impossible).\
Pg 2..:,:\
6.3 You have a five-quart jug, a three-quart jug, and an unlimited supply of water\
(but no measuring cups). How would you come up with exactly four quarts of\
water? Note that the jugs are oddly shaped, such that filling up exactly "half"of\
the jug would be impossible.\
_pg 259\
CrackingTheCodinglnterview.com 95\
Chapter 6 | Brain Teasers\
6.4 A bunch of people are living on an island, when a visitor comes with a strange\
order: all blue-eyed people must leave the island as soon as possible. There will\
be a flight out at 8:00pm every evening. Each person can see everyone else's\
eye color, but they do not know their own (nor is anyone allowed to tell them).\
Additionally, they do not know how many people have blue eyes, although they\
do know that at least one person does. How many days will it take the blue-eyed\
people to leave?\
P9 260\
6.5 There is a building of 100 floors. If an egg drops from the Nth floor or above, it\
will break. If it's dropped from any floor below, it will not break. You're given two\
eggs. Find N, while minimizing the number of drops for the worst case.\
p \'ab 2 fi 1\
6.6 There are 100 closed lockers in a hallway. A man begins by opening all 100\
lockers. Next, he closes every second locker. Then, on his third pass, he toggles\
every third locker (closes it if it is open or opens it if it is closed). This process\
continues for 100 passes, such that on each pass i, the man toggles every ith\
locker. After his 100th pass in the hallway, in which he toggles only locker #100,\
how many lockers are open?\
pg 262\
\
\
\
7.1 You have a basketball hoop and someone says that you can play one of two\
games.\
Game 1: You get one shot to make the hoop.\
Game 2: You get three shots and you have to make two of three shots.\
If p is the probability of making a particular shot, for which values of p should\
you pick one game or the other?\
pg 264\
7.2 There are three ants on different vertices of a triangle. What is the probability of\
collision (between any two or all of them) if they start walking on the sides of the\
triangle? Assume that each ant randomly picks a direction, with either direction\
being equally likely to be chosen, and that they walk at the same speed.\
Similarly, find the probability of collision with n ants on an n-vertex polygon.\
pg 26!i\
7.3 Given two lines on a Cartesian plane, determine whether the two lines would\
intersect.\
7.4 Write methods to implement the multiply, subtract, and divide operations for\
integers. Use only the add operator.\
pg 2 6 7\
7.5 Given two squares on a two-dimensional plane, find a line that would cut these\
two squares in half. Assume that the top and the bottom sides of the square run\
parallel to the x-axis.\
I\
7.6 Given a two-dimensional graph with points on it, find a line which passes the\
most number of points.\
pg : i\
7.7 Design an algorithm to find the kth number such that the only prime factors are\
3,5, and 7.\
|x; 2 74\
Additional Questions: Moderate (#17.11), Hard (# \
\
\
8.1 Design the data structures for a generic deck of cards. Explain how you would\
subclass the data structures to implement blackjack.\
CrackingTheCodinglnterview.com 105\
Chapters | Object-Oriented Design\
8.2 Imagine you have a call center with three levels of employees: respondent,\
manager, and director. An incoming telephone call must be first allocated to a\
respondent who is free. If the respondent can't handle the call, he or she must\
escalate the call to a manager. If the manager is not free or not able to handle it,\
then the call should be escalated to a director. Design the classes and data structures\
for this problem. Implement a method dispatchCall() which assigns a\
call to the first available employee.\
|\
8.3 Design a musical jukebox using object-oriented principles.\
i l%\'a3\
8.4 Design a parking lot using object-oriented principles.\
8.5 Design the data structures for an online book reader system.\
.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. pi i 2 9 2\
8.6 Implement a jigsaw puzzle. Design the data structures and explain an algorithm\
to solve the puzzle. You can assume that you have a f itsWith method which,\
when passed two puzzle pieces, returns true if the two pieces belong together.\
.................................................................................................................................................................................................. pg 296\
8.7 Explain how you would design a chat server. In particular, provide details about\
the various backend components, classes, and methods. What would be the\
hardest problems to solve?\
............................................................... ____________ .......................... ........... ________________ pg 300\
8.8 Othello is played as follows: Each Othello piece is white on one side and black\
on the other. When a piece is surrounded by its opponents on both the left and\
right sides, or both the top and bottom, it is said to be captured and its color is\
flipped. On your turn, you must capture at least one of your opponent's pieces.\
The game ends when either user has no more valid moves. The win is assigned\
to the person with the most pieces. Implement the object-oriented design for\
Othello.\
............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... pg 303\
8.9 Explain the data structures and algorithms that you would use to design an\
in-memory file system. Illustrate with an example in code where possible.\
_______ ................................... ........ ________ .................................................................... ______________________ \'84 ........ _____________ pg 308\
8.10 Design and implement a hash table which uses chaining (linked lists) to handle\
collisions.\
Additional Questions: Threads and Locks \
\
\
9.1 A child is running up a staircase with n steps, and can hop either 1 step, 2 steps,\
or 3 steps at a time. Implement a method to count how many possible ways the\
child can run up the stairs.\
p g 316\
9.2 Imagine a robot sitting on the upper left corner of an X by Y grid. The robot can\
only move in two directions: right and down. How many possible paths are there\
for the robot to go from (0,0) to (X,Y)?\
FOLLOW UP\
Imagine certain spots are "off limits," such that the robot cannot step on them.\
Design an algorithm to find a path for the robot from the top left to the bottom\
right.\
P9 317\
9.3 A magic index in an array A[0.. .n-1] is defined to be an index such that A[i]\
= i. Given a sorted array of distinct integers, write a method to find a magic\
index, if one exists, in array A.\
FOLLOW UP\
What if the values are not distinct?\
_ pg 319\
9.4 Write a method to return all subsets of a set.\
pg 321\
9.5 Write a method to compute all permutations of a string.\
pg.324\
\
\
 Implement an algorithm to print all valid (e.g., properly opened and closed)\
combinations of n-pairs of parentheses.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: 3\
Output: ((())), (()()), (())(), ()(()), ()()()\
P9 325\
9.7 Implement the "paint fill" function that one might see on many image editing\
programs. That is, given a screen (represented by a two-dimensional array of\
colors), a point, and a new color, fill in the surrounding area until the color\
changes from the original color.\
P\
9.8 Given an infinite number of quarters (25 cents), dimes (10 cents), nickels (5\
cents) and pennies (1 cent), write code to calculate the number of ways of representing\
n cents.\
pg 3 28\
9.9 Write an algorithm to print all ways of arranging eight queens on an 8x8 chess\
board so that none of them share the same row, column or diagonal. In this case,\
"diagonal" means all diagonals, not just the two that bisect the board.\
P\
9.10 You have a stack of n boxes, with widths w., heights hir and depths drThe boxes\
cannot be rotated and can only be stacked on top of one another if each box\
in the stack is strictly larger than the box above it in width, height, and depth.\
Implement a method to build the tallest stack possible, where the height of a\
stack is the sum of the heights of each box.\
pg 3 3 3\
9.11 Given a boolean expression consisting of the symbols 0,1, &, |, and A, and a\
desired boolean result value result, implement a function to count the number\
of ways of parenthesizing the expression such that it evaluates to result.\
EXAMPLE\
Expression: 1A01011\
Desired result: false (0)\
Output: 2 ways. 1A( (010) 11) and 1A(91 (011)).\
\
\
10.1 Imagine you are building some sort of service that will be called by up to 1000\
client applications to get simple end-of-day stock price information (open,\
close, high, low). You may assume that you already have the data, and you can\
store it in any format you wish. How would you design the client-facing service\
which provides the information to client applications? You are responsible\
for the development, rollout, and ongoing monitoring and maintenance of\
the feed. Describe the different methods you considered and why you would\
recommend your approach. Your service can use any technologies you wish,\
and can distribute the information to the client applications in any mechanism\
you choose.\
pg 342\
10.2 How would you design the data structures for a very large social network like\
Facebook or Linkedln? Describe how you would design an algorithm to show\
the connection, or path, between two people (e.g., Me -> Bob -> Susan -> Jason\
-> You).\
_ , pg 344\
10.3 Given an input file with four billion non-negative integers, provide an algorithm\
to generate an integer which is not contained in the file. Assume you have 1 GB\
of memory available for this task.\
FOLLOW UP\
What if you have only 10 MB of memory? Assume that all the values are distinct\
C\
\
\
\
and we now have no more than one billion non-negative integers.\
_pg347\
10.4 You have an array with all the numbers from 1 to N, where N is at most 32,000.\
The array may have duplicate entries and you do not know what N is. With only\
4 kilobytes of memory available, how would you print all duplicate elements in\
the array?\
: pg 3\
10.5 If you were designing a web crawler, how would you avoid getting into infinite\
loops?\
pg 3 5 \'95\
10.6 You have 10 billion URLs. How do you detect the duplicate documents? In this\
case, assume that "duplicate" means that the URLs are identical.\
_ pg !S3\
10.7 Imagine a web server for a simplified search engine. This system has 100\
machines to respond to search queries, which may then call out using\
processSearch(string query) to another cluster of machines to actually\
get the result. The machine which responds to a given query is chosen at\
random, so you can not guarantee that the same machine will always respond\
to the same request. The method processSearch is very expensive. Design\
a caching mechanism for the most recent queries. Be sure to explain how you\
would update the cache when data changes.\
\
\
\
11.1 You are given two sorted arrays, A and B, where A has a large enough buffer at\
the end to hold B. Write a method to merge B into A in sorted order.\
pg 360\
11.2 Write a method to sort an array of strings so that all the anagrams are next to\
each other.\
_._ pg 361\
11.3 Given a sorted array of n integers that has been rotated an unknown number of\
times, write code to find an element in the array. You may assume that the array\
was originally sorted in increasing order.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: find 5 in \{15, 16, 19, 20, 25, 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 10, 14\}\
Output: 8 (the index of 5 in the array)\
pg :: 61\
CrackingTheCodinglnterview.com 121\
Chapter 11 | Sorting and Searching\
11.4 Imagine you have a 20 GB file with one string per line. Explain how you would\
sort the file.\
pg 364\
11.5 Given a sorted array of strings which is interspersed with empty strings, write a\
method to find the location of a given string.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: find "ball" in \{"at", "", "", "", "ball", "", "", "car",\
tti) tat ftf4^.j>j t(\'bb <t\'bb\\ , aau , , )\
Output: 4\
'. pg 364\
11.6 Given an M x N matrix in which each row and each column is sorted in ascending\
order, write a method to find an element.\
pg 36S\
11.7 A circus is designing a tower routine consisting of people standing atop one\
another's shoulders. For practical and aesthetic reasons, each person must be\
both shorter and lighter than the person below him or her. Given the heights\
and weights of each person in the circus, write a method to compute the largest\
possible number of people in such a tower.\
EXAMPLE:\
Input (ht,wt): (65, 100) (70, 150) (56, 90) (75, 190) (60, 95)\
(68, 110)\
Output:The longest tower is length 6 and includes from top to bottom:\
(56, 90) (60,95) (65,100) (68,110) (70,150) (75,190)\
p j 1 ? :\
11.8 Imagine you are reading in a stream of integers. Periodically, you wish to be able\
to look up the rank of a number x (the number of values less than or equal tox).\
Implement the data structures and algorithms to support these operations.That\
is, implement the method track(int x), which is called when each number\
is generated, and the method getRankOfNumber(int x), which returns the\
number of values less than or equal to x (not including x itself).\
EXAMPLE\
Stream (in order of appearance): 5, 1, 4, 4, 5, 9, 7, 13, 3\
getRankOfNumber(l) = 0\
getRankOfNumber(3) = 1\
getRankOfNumber(4) = 3\
p: :; 74\
Additional Questions: Arrays and Strings (#1.3), Recursion (#9.3), \
\
\
\
\
12.1 Find the mistake(s) in the following code:\
1 unsigned int i;\
2 for (i = 190; i >= 0; --i)\
3 printf("%d\\n", i);\
...pg378\
12.2 You are given the source to an application which crashes when it is run. After\
running it ten times in a debugger, you find it never crashes in the same place.\
The application is single threaded, and uses only the C standard library. What\
programming errors could be causing this crash? How would you test each one?\
_ pg :, 18\
12.3 We have the following method used in a chess game: boolean canMoveTo( int\
x, int y). This method is part of the Piece class and returns whether or not\
the piece can move to position (x, y). Explain howyou would test this method.\
P9 379\
12.4 How would you load test a webpage without using any test tools?\
12.5 How would you testa pen?\
\'84 pg 381\
12.6 How would you test an ATM in a distributed banking system?\
p\
\
\
\
\
\
14.1 In terms of inheritance, what is the effect of keeping a constructor private?\
_ p<\
14.2 In Java, does the finally block get executed if we insert a return statement\
inside the try block of a try-catch-finally?\
pg 400\
14.3 What is the difference between final, finally, and finalize?\
pg 400\
14.4 Explain the difference between templates in C++ and generics in Java.\
, pg 401\
14.5 Explain what object reflection is in Java and why it is useful.\
14.6 Implement a CircularArray class that supports an array-like data structure\
which can be efficiently rotated.The class should use a generic type, and should\
support iteration via the standard for (Obj o : CircularArray) notation.\
\
\
\
\
\
15.1 Write a SQL query to get a list of tenants who a re renting more than one apartment.\
pg 108\
15.2 Write a SQL query to get a list of all buildings and the number of open requests\
(Requests in which status equals 'Open').\
, _ pg 408\
15.3 Building #11 is undergoing a major renovation. Implement a query to close all\
requests from apartments in this building.\
pg 408\
15.4 What are the different types of joins? Please explain how they differ and why\
certain types are better in certain situations.\
pg 409\
15.5 What isdenormalization? Explain the pros and cons.\
__pg 411\
15.6 Draw an entity-relationship diagram for a database with companies, people, and\
professionals (people who work for companies).\
pg412\
15.7 Imagine a simple database storing information for students' grades. Design\
what this database might look like and provide a SQL query to return a list of the\
honor roll students (top 10%), sorted by their grade point average.\
p\
\
\
\
\
 What's the difference between a thread and a process?\
pg 416\
16.2 How would you measure the time spent in a context switch?\
CrackingTheCodinglnterview.com 159\
Chapter 16 | Threads and Locks\
16.3 In the famous dining philosophers problem, a bunch of philosophers are sitting\
around a circular table with one chopstick between each of them. A philosopher\
needs both chopsticks to eat, and always picks up the left chopstick before the\
right one. A deadlock could potentially occur if all the philosophers reached for\
the left chopstick at the same time. Using threads and locks, implement a simulation\
of the dining philosophers problem that prevents deadlocks.\
pg 418\
16.4 Design a class which provides a lock only if there are no possible deadlocks.\
pg420\
16.5 Suppose we have the following code:\
public class Foo \{\
public Foo() \{ ... \}\
public void first() \{ ... \}\
public void secondQ \{ ... \}\
public void thirdQ \{ ... \}\
\}\
The same instance of Foo will be passed to three different threads. ThreadA will\
call first, threads will call second, and threadC will call third. Design a\
mechanism to ensure that first is called before second and second is called\
before third.\
pg 42 5\
16.6 You are given a class with synchronized method A and a normal method B. If you\
have two threads in one instance of a program, can they both execute A at the\
same time? Can they execute A and B at the same time?\
\
\
\
Write a function to swap a number in place (that is, without temporary variables).\
pg 430\
17.2 Design an algorithm to figure out if someone has won a game of tic-tac-toe.\
pg 431\
17.3 Write an algorithm which computes the number of trailing zeros in n factorial.\
__ pg434\
17.4 Write a method which finds the maximum of two numbers. You should not use\
if-else or any other comparison operator.\
pg 436\
17.5 The Game of Master Mind is played as follows:\
The computer has four slots, and each slot will contain a ball that is red (R), yellow\
(Y), green (G) or blue (B). For example, the computer might have RGGB \{Slot #1 is\
red, Slots #2 and #3 are green, Slot #4 is blue).\
You, the user, are trying to guess the solution. You might, for example, guess\
YRGB.\
When you guess the correct color for the correct slot, you get a "hit." If you guess\
a color that exists but is in the wrong slot, you get a "pseudo-hit." Note that a slot\
that is a hit can never count as a pseudo-hit.\
For example, if the actual solution is RGBY and you guess GGRR, you have one\
hit and one pseudo-hit.\
Write a method that, given a guess and a solution, returns the number of hits\
and pseudo-hits.\
pg 438\
\
\
\
\
 Given an array of integers, write a method to find indices m and n such that if you\
sorted elements m through n, the entire array would be sorted. Minimize n - m\
(that is, find the smallest such sequence).\
EXAMPLE\
Input: 1, 2, 4, 7, 10, 11, 7, 12, 6, 7, 16, 18, 19\
Output: (3, 9)\
pg '^ 3 9\
17.7 Given any integer, print an English phrase that describes the integer (e.g., "One\
Thousand, Two Hundred Thirty Four").\
;-,:\'95! ,::,: .\
17.8 You are given an array of integers (both positive and negative). Find the contiguous\
sequence with the largest sum. Return the sum.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: 2, -8, 3, -2, 4, -10\
Outputs (i.e., \{3, -2, 4\})\
__ __ pg 443\
17.9 Design a method to find the frequency of occurrences of any given word in a\
book.\
P g '\'95\'95\
17.10 Since XML is very verbose, you are given a way of encoding it where each\
tag gets mapped to a pre-defined integer value. The language/grammar is as\
follows:\
Element --> Tag Attributes END Children END\
Attribute --> Tag Value\
END --> 0\
Tag --> some predefined mapping to int\
Value --> string value END\
For example, the following XML might be converted into the compressed string\
below (assuming a mapping of family -> 1, person ->2, firstName ->\
3, lastName -> 4, state -> 5).\
<family lastName="McDowell" state="CA">\
<person firstName="Gayle">Some Message</person>\
</family>\
Becomes:\
1 4 McDowell 5 CA 0 2 3 Gayle 0 Some Message 0 0.\
Write code to print the encoded version of an XML element (passed in Element\
and Attribute objects).\
\
\
\
17.11 Implement a method rand7() given randSQ.That is, given a method that\
generates a random number between 0 and 4 (inclusive), write a method that\
generates a random number between 0 and 6 (inclusive).\
17.12 Design an algorithm to find all pairs of integers within an array which sum to a\
specified value.\
pg 450\
17.13 Consider a simple node-like data structure called BiNode, which has pointers to\
two other nodes.\
1 public class BiNode \{\
2 public BiNode nodel, node2j\
3 public int data;\
4 \}\
The data structure BiNode could be used to represent both a binary tree (where\
nodel is the left node and node2 is the right node) or a doubly linked list (where\
nodel is the previous node and node2 is the next node). Implement a method\
to convert a binary search tree (implemented with BiNode) into a doubly linked\
list. The values should be kept in order and the operation should be performed\
in place (that is, on the original data structure).\
pg :\
17.14 Oh, no! You have just completed a lengthy document when you have an unfortunate\
Find/Replace mishap. You have accidentally removed all spaces, punctuation,\
and capitalization in the document. A sentence like "I reset the\
computer. It still didn't boot!"would become"iresetthecomputeritstilldidntboot".\
You figure that you can add back in the punctation and\
capitalization later, once you get the individual words properly separated. Most\
of the words will be in a dictionary, but some strings, like proper names, will not.\
Given a dictionary (a list of words), design an algorithm to find the optimal way\
of "unconcatenating"a sequence of words. In this case, "optimal" is defined to be\
the parsing which minimizes the number of unrecognized sequences of characters.\
For example, the string "jesslookedjustliketimherbrother" would be\
optimally parsed as "JESS looked just like TIM her brother". This\
parsing has seven unrecognized characters, which we have capitalized for clarity\
\
\
\
\
18.1 Write a function that adds two numbers. You should not use + or any arithmetic\
operators.\
; , pg462\
18.2 Write a method to shuffle a deck of cards. It must be a perfect shuffle\'97in other\
words, each of the 52! permutations of the deck has to be equally likely. Assume\
that you are given a random number generator which is perfect.\
18.3 Write a method to randomly generates set of m integers from an array of size n.\
Each element must have equal probability of being chosen.\
18.4 Write a method to count the number of 2s that appear in all the numbers\
between 0 and n (inclusive).\
EXAMPLE\
Input: 25\
Output: 9 (2,12,20,21,22,23, 24 and 25. Note that 22 counts for two 2s.)\
pg 465\
18.5 You have a large text file containing words. Given any two words, find the\
shortest distance (in terms of number of words) between them in the file. If the\
operation will be repeated many times for the same file (but different pairs of\
words), can you optimize your solution?\
pg 48 8\
18.6 Describe an algorithm to find the smallest one million numbers in one billion\
numbers. Assume that the computer memory can hold all one billion numbers.\
; 469\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 Given a list of words, write a program to find the longest word made of other\
words in the list.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: cat, banana, dog, nana, walk, walker, dogwalker\
Output: dogwalker\
pg | ? !\
18.8 Given a string s and an array of smaller strings T, design a method to search s\
for each small string in T.\
: pg 4 ? 3\
18.9 Numbers are randomly generated and passed to a method. Write a program to\
find and maintain the median value as new values are generated.\
___ pg474\
18.10 Given two words of equal length that are in a dictionary, write a method to\
transform one word into another word by changing only one letter at a time.\
The new word you get in each step must be in the dictionary.\
EXAMPLE\
Input: DAMP, LIKE\
Output: DAMP -> LAMP -> LIMP -> LIME -> LIKE\
18.11 Imagine you have a square matrix, where each cell (pixel) is either black or white\
Design an algorithm to find the maximum subsquare such that all four borders\
are filled with black pixels.\
pc 477\
18.12 Given an NxN matrix of positive and negative integers, write code to find the\
submatrix with the largest possible sum.\
pg481\
18.13 Given a list of millions of words, design an algorithm to create the largest\
possible rectangle of letters such that every row forms a word (reading left to\
right) and every column forms a word (reading top to bottom).The words need\
not be chosen consecutively from the list, but all rows must be the same length\
and all columns must be the same height.}